                       Click-Through License Agreement

THIS SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT (THIS "AGREEMENT") IS BY AND BETWEEN PING IDENTITY
CORPORATION ("PING IDENTITY") AND THE COMPANY OR ENTITY ON WHOSE BEHALF YOU
ARE ACCEPTING THIS AGREEMENT ("CUSTOMER"). YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU HAVE THE
AUTHORITY TO BIND CUSTOMER TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. BY AGREEING TO THE
TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT OR BY ACCESSING, USING OR INSTALLING ANY PART OF THE
PRODUCTS, CUSTOMER EXPRESSLY AGREES TO AND CONSENTS TO BE BOUND BY ALL OF THE
TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT.  IF CUSTOMER DOES NOT AGREE TO ANY OF THE TERMS OF
THIS AGREEMENT, CUSTOMER IS PROHIBITED FROM DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING,
ACTIVATING OR USING THE PRODUCTS.  THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF THIS AGREEMENT IS THE
DATE ON WHICH CUSTOMER ACCEPTS THESE TERMS BY CLICKING "ACCEPT" OR THE
SIMILARLY LABELED BUTTON INDICATING ASSENT (THE "EFFECTIVE DATE").
COLLECTIVELY, PING IDENTITY AND CUSTOMER MAY BE REFERRED TO AS THE "PARTIES"
OR IN THE SINGULAR AS A "PARTY".

For good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is
hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:

1. Definitions.

"Administrator" is an individual who has been granted administrative
permissions by Customer to the Service.

"Affiliate(s)" means any entity that directly or indirectly controls, is
controlled by, or is under common control with the subject entity.  "Control,"
for purposes of this definition, means direct or indirect ownership or control
of more than 50% of the voting interests of the subject entity.

"Customer Data" means all electronic data or information submitted by Customer
and its Users to the Service.

"Customer Identity" means, unless otherwise set forth on an Order Form, a
unique set of identity attributes associated with (i) customers of Customer,
if such customer is an individual, or (ii) employees, contractors,
subcontractors or temporary staff of customers of Customer, if such customer
is an entity, in each case acting on such individual's behalf.  Customer
Identities are only permitted to access resources of Customer.

"Documentation" means Ping Identity's then current on-line administrator
user's manuals for the Products made generally available by Ping Identity on
its website.

"Malicious Code" means viruses, worms, Trojan horses and other harmful or
malicious code, files, scripts, agents or programs.

"Order Form" means any ordering document for Customer's purchases from Ping
Identity that is executed by both Parties.

"Partner Identity" means, unless otherwise set forth on an Order Form, a
unique set of identity attributes associated with an employee, contractor,
subcontractor or temporary staff of a business partner of Customer, acting on
behalf of such business partner and not for the benefit of such individual.
Partner Identities are only permitted to access resources of Customer.

"Products" means the Software, Service, Trial Products (defined in Section
2.3) and Beta Versions (defined in Section 2.4).

"Service" means hosted, software-as-a-service offerings provided by Ping
Identity that are identified on an Order Form or otherwise made available to
Customer.

"Software" means the Ping Identity programs identified on an Order Form or
otherwise downloaded or installed by Customer.

"Support Services" means those maintenance and support services that Customer
obtains from Ping Identity set forth in Section 2.7 below.

"Workforce Identity" means, unless otherwise set forth on an Order Form, a
unique set of identity attributes associated with an employee, contractor,
subcontractor, or temporary staff acting on Customer's behalf.

"Users" means any Administrator and (i) individuals who are provisioned by
Customer to utilize the Service in connection with Customer's use of the
Service and/or (ii) entities authorized by Customer to transmit information
through the Service to Customer in order to access Customer's services, as
well as any individuals associated with such entities.  Order Forms define the
specific number and type of Users that Customer is authorized to permit to
utilize the Service.

2. General.

2.1 Provision of Service.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, Ping Identity shall make the Service available to Customer during
the term specified in the applicable Order Form(s) so that Customer may
utilize the Service, solely for Customer's business use, all in accordance
with this Agreement, the applicable Order Form(s) and the Documentation.
Customer agrees that its purchase of the Products is neither contingent upon
the delivery of any future functionality or features nor dependent upon any
oral or written public comments made by Ping Identity with respect to future
functionality or features.

2.2 Software License Grant.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, Ping Identity hereby grants Customer, during the term specified in
the applicable Order Form(s), a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicenseable,
non-transferable license to install the Software, in machine-readable form
only, and to use the Software solely for Customer's business use, all in
accordance with this Agreement, any applicable Order Form(s) and the
Documentation.

2.3 Evaluation and Developer Licenses.  If Ping Identity provides Customer
with a trial, evaluation or developer license to the Products (the "Trial
Products"), Customer agrees to use the Trial Products solely for evaluation
purposes, in a non-production environment, for a thirty (30) day evaluation
period unless a different period is otherwise agreed to in writing by Ping
Identity (the "Trial Period").  At the end of the Trial Period, Customer's
right to use the Trial Products automatically expires and Customer agrees to
uninstall the Trial Products and return to Ping Identity all copies or partial
copies of the Trial Products and, upon request, certify to Ping Identity in
writing that all copies or partial copies of the Trial Products have been
deleted from Customer's computer libraries and/or storage devices and
destroyed.  If Customer desires to continue its use of the Trial Products
beyond the Trial Period, Customer shall contact Ping Identity to acquire a
license to, or subscription for, the Trial Products for the applicable fee.

2.4 Beta Versions.  If Ping Identity and Customer mutually agree in writing,
Customer may receive beta, preview or other pre-release Products or features
from Ping Identity ("Beta Versions").  Beta Versions may not have been tested
or debugged and are experimental, and any documentation may be in draft form.
Ping Identity may change or discontinue Beta Versions at any time without
notice.

2.5 IN ADDITION TO ANY DISCLAIMERS IN SECTION 8.4, ANY TRIAL PRODUCTS AND BETA
VERSIONS ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS-IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS AT CUSTOMER'S
SOLE RISK.  PING IDENTITY SHALL NOT HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR CUSTOMER'S USE OF
THE TRIAL PRODUCTS OR BETA VERSIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT UNDER ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY.  Ping Identity does not provide support for Trial Products or Beta
Versions.  Trial Products and Beta Versions may be subject to reduced or
different security, compliance and privacy commitments.  The following
Sections of this Agreement shall not apply to Trial Products or Beta Versions:
2.7, 6.6, 6.7, 8.1, 8.2, 8.3, 9.1 and 10.1.

2.6 Delivery, Installation and Acceptance of the Software.

        (a) Delivery, Installation and Acceptance of the Software.  The
Software will be delivered to Customer by electronic download.  Customer will
be solely responsible for installing any Software as permitted under this
Agreement unless otherwise set forth in an Order Form. All Software will be
deemed accepted upon delivery.

        (b) Ping Identity Assistance.  In the event that Customer requires any
administration, training, installation, health check, or similar services with
respect to the Products, any such services and related Fees shall be set forth
in an Order Form and such services shall be provided by Ping Identity without
the need for a separate professional services agreement unless otherwise
agreed to by the Parties.

2.7 Support for Products.  Ping Identity will provide those Support Services
for the Products in accordance with Ping Identity's support agreement
available at https://www.pingidentity.com/support-policy (the "Support
Policy").  Ping Identity is not obligated under the terms of this Agreement to
provide any customer service or support to any User other than Administrators;
such responsibility (if any) shall remain with Customer.

2.8 Order Forms.  Customer and its Affiliates may place orders under this
Agreement by executing Order Form(s).  When an Affiliate of Customer signs an
Order Form under this Agreement, the Affiliate shall be considered the
Customer for purposes of such Order Form and shall be bound by the terms and
conditions of this Agreement.

2.9 Resellers. In the event that Customer purchases subscriptions to the
Products through an authorized reseller of Ping Identity (a "Reseller"), no
Order Forms will be executed between Ping Identity and Customer.  Ping
Identity's official ordering documentation with the Reseller will contain the
details of the subscriptions to the Products (including the scope of permitted
use, quantities of licenses, etc.), and references to Order Forms herein will
refer to such documentation., Customer should obtain such details from the
Reseller, but Ping Identity can also confirm to Customer any such details of
the subscription other than amounts payable.  Fees and Taxes (if any) will be
payable to Reseller, and the billing and payment terms will be determined
pursuant to Customer's agreement(s) with Reseller in lieu of Section 4 hereof.
Resellers have no authority to modify any of the terms of this Agreement, and
may not grant Customer any rights to the Products beyond what is set forth in
the ordering documentation between Ping Identity and Reseller.

3. Use Guidelines; Restrictions.  Customer shall use the Products solely for
its own business purposes in accordance with this Agreement and any related
Order Form. Customer shall obtain any required authorizations or consents from
Users for the transmission of Customer Data to Ping Identity and other third
parties in connection with the Products and related processing by such
persons, including as may be necessary under any data protection laws and
regulations.  Customer shall not: (i) license, sublicense, sell, resell, rent,
lease, transfer, assign, distribute, time share, operate as a service bureau
or managed service, or otherwise commercially exploit or make the Products
available to any third party except as expressly contemplated by this
Agreement; (ii) modify, copy, adapt, alter, translate or create derivative
works of the Products; (iii) frame or mirror any content forming part of the
Service, other than on Customer's own intranets or otherwise for its own
internal business purposes; (iv) reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble
the Products (or otherwise attempt to derive the source code or underlying
ideas or algorithms of the Software); (v) take any action that would cause the
Products (including any license key) to be placed in the public domain; (vi)
remove, alter, or obscure any proprietary notices of Ping Identity, its
licensors or supplier included in the Products; (vii) send spam or otherwise
duplicative or unsolicited messages in violation of applicable laws through
the Service; (viii) send or store infringing, obscene, threatening, libelous,
or otherwise unlawful or tortious material, including material that is harmful
to children or violates third-party privacy rights; (ix) send or store
Malicious Code; (x) interfere with or disrupt the integrity or performance of
the Service or the data contained therein, including conducting any load or
penetration testing on the Service; (xi) access the Products in order to (a)
build a competitive product or service, or (b) copy any ideas, features,
functions or graphics of the Products; (xii) publish or disclose to any third
party any opinions relating to, or test results, benchmarking or comparative
study involving any Product without the prior written consent of Ping
Identity, or (xiii) attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Service or its
related systems or networks.

4. Fees & Payment; Audit.

4.1 Fees.  Customer shall pay all fees specified in any Order Forms hereunder
(the "Fees").  If Customer is purchasing through a Reseller, the applicable
Fees will be set forth in Customer's ordering documentation with the Reseller
and such Fees will be remitted to Reseller. Except as otherwise provided, all
fees are quoted and payable in United States dollars.  Except as otherwise
specified herein or in an Order Form, stated fees are based on the scope of
the Product subscriptions purchased and not actual usage, payment obligations
are non-cancelable, and fees paid are non-refundable.  In the event that
Customer is purchasing a subscription based on the number of individual Users,
connections or another metric set forth in an Order Form, and Customer's
actual usage exceeds the applicable limit on such metric, overage charges
shall apply based on the then-current per-unit rate on the applicable Order
Form and Customer shall remit such charges to Ping Identity.

4.2 Invoicing & Payment Terms. All Fees will be invoiced in advance and in
accordance with the relevant Order Form.  Unless otherwise stated in an Order
Form, charges are due net thirty (30) days from the date of the invoice.
Customer is responsible for maintaining complete and accurate billing and
contact information.  This section does not apply if Customer is purchasing
through a Reseller.

4.3 Overdue Payments.  For those payments that are invoiced, any payment not
received from Customer by the due date may accrue (except with respect to
charges then under reasonable and good faith dispute), at Ping Identity's
discretion, late charges at the rate of 1.5% of the outstanding balance per
month, or the maximum rate permitted by law, whichever is lower, from the date
such payment was due until the date paid.  This section does not apply if
Customer is purchasing through a Reseller.

4.4 Taxes.  Ping Identity's invoices shall include any applicable direct or
indirect local, state, federal or foreign taxes, levies, duties or similar
governmental assessments of any nature, including value-added, use or
withholding taxes (collectively, "Taxes").  Customer is responsible for paying
all Taxes associated with its purchases hereunder, above and beyond the Fees,
excluding taxes based on Ping Identity's net income or property, unless
Customer provides Ping Identity with a valid tax exemption certificate
authorized by the appropriate taxing authority.  Unless otherwise stated, all
prices set forth on an Order Form are exclusive of Taxes. This section does
not apply if Customer is purchasing through a Reseller.

4.5 Suspension of Service for Critical Cause.  Ping Identity reserves the
right to suspend the Service provided to Customer if: (i) Customer is
delinquent on any late payment obligations for more than thirty (30) days
following written notice of such late payment; (ii) Ping Identity reasonably
believes that suspension of the Service is necessary to comply with the law or
requests of governmental entities; or (iii) Ping Identity reasonably
determines that Customer's use of the Service in violation of this Agreement
poses any security or vulnerability risk to Ping Identity or the Service.
Customer shall only be responsible for fees and charges during the period of
suspension if the underlying cause was Customer's breach of this Agreement.
Ping Identity will endeavor to give advance notice of the suspension, to the
extent it is able, taking into account the nature of the underlying cause.
Ping Identity will restore access to the Service as soon as the underlying
cause is mitigated.

4.6 Audit of Software Usage.

        (a) General.  Ping Identity will have the right, upon reasonable prior
written notice to Customer, at a mutually agreeable time, and no more than
once in any twelve (12) month period, to either audit or have an independent
audit firm selected by Ping Identity audit Customer's equipment on which the
Software is installed, and all related back-up files, to verify compliance
with this Agreement.  Any such audit will be conducted during normal business
hours in a manner so as not to unreasonably interfere with Customer's normal
operations.  Such audits will be conducted at Ping Identity's expense. In the
event that an audit reveals that Customer has failed to pay Fees consistent
with its use of the Software, Customer will remit to Ping Identity the
applicable Fees for the overuse, based on the then-current per-unit rate on
the applicable Order Form(s), and reimburse Ping Identity for all reasonable
costs and expenses incurred by Ping Identity in connection with such audit.

        (b) PingIntelligence Reporting.  If Ping Identity requests, Customer
will generate reports within the PingIntelligence Software within thirty (30)
days of the end of each calendar quarter that show the monthly usage volume
during each month of such quarter (even if a partial quarter), and will
provide this report to Ping Identity.  In addition to this report, if the
PingIntelligence Software notifies Customer that its use of the
PingIntelligence Software is in excess of the usage limits, Customer will
notify Ping Identity.  If the report or notice indicates that Customer's usage
of the PingIntelligence Software is in excess of the usage limits, beginning
on the first of the month following the deadline of the report or receipt of
the notice, Customer will be upgraded to an increased usage limit
corresponding to the increased usage amount for the remainder of the term of
the applicable Order Form, at the then-current per-unit rate on such Order
Form without requiring the execution of any variation documents or further
Order Forms.  Ping Identity will invoice Customer for the incremental cost of
the new tier at such time, and upon future invoice dates if there are multiple
payment dates on the applicable Order Form(s).

5. Confidentiality.

5.1 Definition of Confidential Information.  As used herein, "Confidential
Information" means all confidential and proprietary information of a Party
(the "Disclosing Party") disclosed or made available to the other Party (the
"Receiving Party"), whether orally or in writing, that is designated as
confidential or that reasonably should be understood to be confidential given
the nature of the information or the circumstances of disclosure, including
without limitation, the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Products,
business and marketing plans, technology and technical information, pricing
information, financial results and information, product designs, product
roadmaps, results of penetration testing, security reports or audits and
business processes.  Confidential Information shall not include any
information that: (i) is or becomes generally known to the public without
breach of any obligation owed to the Disclosing Party; (ii) was known to the
Receiving Party prior to its disclosure by the Disclosing Party without breach
of any obligation owed to the Disclosing Party; (iii) was independently
developed by the Receiving Party without breach of any obligation owed to the
Disclosing Party; or (iv) is received from a third party without breach of any
obligation owed to the Disclosing Party.  Confidential Information
specifically excludes Customer Data.  Customer Data obligations are set forth
in Section 6 below.

5.2 Confidentiality.  The Receiving Party shall not disclose or use any
Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party for any purpose outside the
scope of this Agreement, except with the Disclosing Party's prior written
permission.  The Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information to its
Affiliates and service providers on a need-to-know basis, and such Affiliates
and service providers may use such Confidential Information, in each case only
for the purposes of fulfilling Receiving Party's obligations under this
Agreement.  The Receiving Party shall be liable to the Disclosing Party for
all actions and omissions of its Affiliates and service providers with respect
to such information as if such actions and omissions were those of the
Receiving Party hereunder.

5.3 Protection.  The Receiving Party agrees to protect the confidentiality of
the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party in the same manner that
it protects the confidentiality of its own proprietary and confidential
information of like kind (but in no event using less than reasonable care),
and promptly notify the Disclosing Party upon discovery of any unauthorized
access or acquisition of Confidential Information and reasonably cooperate
with the Disclosing Party's efforts to prevent, investigate and remediate the
breach of confidentiality.

5.4 Compelled Disclosure.  If the Receiving Party is compelled by law to
disclose Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party, it shall provide
the Disclosing Party with prior notice of such compelled disclosure (to the
extent legally permitted) and reasonable assistance, at the Disclosing Party's
cost, if the Disclosing Party wishes to contest the disclosure.

5.5 Remedies.  If the Receiving Party discloses or uses (or threatens to
disclose or use) any Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party in
breach of confidentiality protections hereunder, the Disclosing Party shall
have the right, in addition to any other remedies available to it, to seek
injunctive relief to enjoin such acts, it being specifically acknowledged by
the Parties that any other available remedies are inadequate.

6. Customer Data and Security.

6.1 Use of Customer Data.  Ping Identity shall not provide the Customer Data
to any third parties except as necessary to operate the Service.  As between
Ping Identity and Customer, Customer owns all rights, title and interest in
and to all Customer Data.

6.2 Customer Responsibilities.  Customer is solely responsible for all
activities that occur in any Users' accounts and for compliance with this
Agreement by Users.  Customer shall: (i) have sole responsibility for the
accuracy, quality, integrity, legality, reliability, and appropriateness of
all Customer Data submitted by it and its Users to the Service; and (ii)
prevent unauthorized access to, or use of, the Service, and notify Ping
Identity promptly of any such unauthorized access or use.  If Customer becomes
aware of any violation of Customer's obligations under this Agreement by any
User, Customer will promptly notify Ping Identity and work with Ping Identity
to promptly terminate access of any such User to the Service.

6.3 Nature of Customer Data. Customer represents and warrants that it will not
transmit or expose to Ping Identity any (i) protected health information (as
that term is used in the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act
of 1996 (HIPAA)) or (ii) cardholder data (as regulated by the Payment Card
Industry Security Standards Council) as a part of using the Products, in
connection with Support Services, or otherwise under this Agreement.

6.4 Compliance with Laws.  Each Party shall comply with all applicable local,
state, national and foreign laws in the provision and use of the Products
under this Agreement.  Customer agrees that it has sole control over the
nature and scope of the Customer Data processed by the Products, and the
origin or location of Users.  As such, it is Customer's sole responsibility to
(i) obtain all required authorizations or consents from Users for the
processing of the Customer Data, and (ii) ascertain that such Customer Data
can be processed under this Agreement by the Service and in connection with
Support Services in accordance with applicable law.

6.5 User Requests for Information.  If any User requests details of Customer
Data of such User that is processed by Ping Identity, Ping Identity will
promptly notify Customer, unless prohibited by applicable law or ongoing
investigation.

6.6 Information Security.  Ping Identity will implement and maintain
reasonable and appropriate technical, administrative and physical security
measures designed to protect against unauthorized access to or use of Customer
Data. Ping Identity shall, at a minimum, maintain the security of the Service
and the Customer Data in accordance with the security exhibit available at
https://www.pingidentity.com/security-exhibit (the "Security Exhibit").

6.7 Audits and Security Assessments.  Ping Identity is and will remain in
compliance with the most recent SOC-2 and ISO 27001 standards throughout the
term of this Agreement.  Upon Customer's written request, Ping Identity will
provide Customer with access to Ping Identity's security portal that contains,
among other things, a copy of (i) the most recently completed SOC-2 Type II
audit report, (ii) its public ISO 27001 certificate and non-public Statement
of Applicability, and (iii) the results of any recently completed penetration
testing on the Service.

6.8 Business Continuity/Disaster Recover.  During the term of this Agreement,
Ping Identity will maintain and comply with its then-current Business
Continuity and Disaster Recovery Plans. Ping Identity will test such plans at
least annually.  Upon written request, Ping Identity will provide (i) a copy
of the table of contents to such plan, and (ii) a summary of its annual
testing results.

6.9 Retention and Destruction.  Upon Customer's written request Ping Identity
will delete the Customer Data contained within the Service.  Ping Identity
will retain automated backup copies and log files generated by the Service
that may contain Customer Data in accordance with Ping Identity's data
retention policy. Such backup copies and log files will remain subject to
Section 6 of this Agreement until deleted.

6.10 Breach Notification.  Ping Identity will promptly notify Customer upon
becoming aware of any breach of security leading to the unauthorized access to
or acquisition of Customer Data in Ping Identity's possession or under its
control (a "Security Incident").  Each Party will reasonably cooperate with
the other with respect to the investigation and remediation of any Security
Incident including, in the case of Ping Identity, prompt provision of the
following, to the extent then known to Ping Identity: (i) a description of the
Security Incident, (ii) the categories and approximate numbers of impacted
individuals, (iii) possible consequences of the Security Incident, (iv)
corrective actions taken or to be taken by Ping Identity, if any, (v) internal
point(s) of contact that Customer may engage for managing or responding to
Customer about the Security Incident, and (vi) Ping Identity's Data Protection
Officer's contact information.  All Security Incident notifications will be
provided in a manner reasonably designed to provide Customer with actual
notice of the Security Incident in a time-effective manner. Ping Identity's
obligation to report or respond to a Security Incident under this section is
not an acknowledgement by Ping Identity of any fault or liability with respect
to the Security Incident.

6.11 Data Privacy Addendum.  The Data Privacy Addendum set forth at
https://www.pingidentity.com/data-privacy-addendum (the "DPA") is incorporated
by reference in to this Agreement.  This Agreement, and Customer's use of the
Service's features and functionality, are Customer's complete set of
instructions to Ping Identity in relation to the processing of Customer Data.

6.12 Service Enhancement.  Ping Identity may collect and utilize Customer Data
and information derived from Customer's use of the Service ("Research Data")
for its internal business purposes of research and development for future
products and for the improvement of current product and service offerings.
Nothing in this section shall permit Ping Identity to provide Research Data
to any third parties other than as elsewhere permitted by this Agreement.  In
addition, Ping Identity may aggregate Research Data with other data and/or
other usage statistics with respect to the Products, in each case so that
results are non-personally identifiable with respect to Customer or any User
"Aggregated Data").  Ping Identity may utilize such Aggregated Data for any
business purpose during or after the term of this Agreement (including without
limitation to develop and improve Ping Identity's products and services and to
create and distribute reports and other materials to third parties). For
clarity, Ping Identity will only disclose Aggregated Data externally in a
de-identified (anonymous) form that does not identify Customers or any Users,
and that is stripped of all persistent identifiers (such as device
identifiers, IP addresses, and cookie IDs). Ping Identity will retain, and
Customer expressly disclaims, all intellectual property and other rights in
any products or services Ping Identity develops pursuant to the usage rights
herein, provided that no such products or services may contain any Customer
Data.

7. Proprietary Rights.

7.1 Reservation of Rights.  Subject to the limited rights expressly granted
hereunder, Ping Identity reserves all rights, title and interest in and to the
Products (and any enhancements, modifications, or derivative works thereof, or
other software development performed by Ping Identity), including all related
intellectual property rights.  No rights are granted to Customer hereunder
other than as expressly set forth herein.

7.2 Suggestions. Ping Identity shall have a royalty-free, worldwide,
transferable, sublicenseable, irrevocable, perpetual license to use or
incorporate into the Products any suggestions, enhancement requests,
recommendations or other feedback provided by Customer or its Users relating
to the operation of the Products.

8. Warranties & Disclaimers.

8.1 Warranties.  Each Party represents that it has the legal power to enter
into this Agreement.  Ping Identity warrants that it will provide the Products
in a manner consistent with industry standards applicable to the provision
thereof, and will provide the Support Service and any professional services in
a good, professional and workmanlike manner consistent with applicable
industry standards.

8.2 Performance Warranty for Software.  For a period of ninety (90) days after
the date of delivery of the Software (the "Warranty Period"), Ping Identity
warrants that the Software, when used as permitted by Ping Identity and in
accordance with the Documentation, will operate substantially as described in
the Documentation.  Ping Identity will, at its own expense and as its sole
obligation and Customer's exclusive remedy for any breach of this warranty,
use commercially reasonable efforts to (i) correct any material reproducible
error that Customer reports to Ping Identity in writing during the Warranty
Period, or (ii) replace the defective Software.  In the event that Ping
Identity, in its sole discretion, may not achieve either (i) or (ii) as a
remedy for breach of this warranty, Ping Identity agrees to accept return of
the Software, terminate the license to the defective Software and refund
Customer all unused, prepaid fees with respect to the defective Software.

8.3 Harmful Code.  Ping Identity warrants that it will use commercially
reasonable efforts, using industry standard practices, to ensure that the
Products, in the form provided by Ping Identity to Customer, do not contain
Malicious Code.

8.4 Disclaimer.  THE EXPRESS WARRANTIES IN THIS AGREEMENT ARE IN LIEU OF ALL
OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, REGARDING THE PRODUCTS AND
PING IDENTITY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS.  PING
IDENTITY DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE PRODUCTS WILL
MEET CUSTOMER'S REQUIREMENTS, OR THAT THE OPERATION AND RESULTS OF THE
PRODUCTS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE PRODUCTS
WILL BE CORRECTED.  NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY PING
IDENTITY OR ITS AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY OR IN ANY
WAY INCREASE THE SCOPE OF ANY WARRANTY HEREIN.

9. Indemnification.

9.1 Indemnification by Ping Identity. Subject to the terms of the Agreement,
Ping Identity will defend at its own expense any action against Customer
brought by a third party alleging that the Products, in each case, as
delivered, infringe any U.S. or EU patents issued as of the Effective Date or
any copyrights or misappropriate any trade secrets, in each case, of a third
party, and Ping Identity will indemnify and hold Customer harmless against
those costs and damages finally awarded against Customer in any such action
that are specifically attributable to such claim or those costs and damages
agreed to in a monetary settlement of such action.  The foregoing obligations
are conditioned on Customer's compliance with the Indemnification Conditions
(defined below).  If the Products become, or in Ping Identity's opinion are
likely to become, the subject of an infringement claim, Ping Identity may, at
its option and expense, either: (i) procure for Customer the right to continue
using the Products; (ii) replace or modify the Products so that they become
non-infringing; or (iii) terminate the subscription to the infringing Products
and refund Customer any unused, prepaid fees for the infringing Products
covering the remainder of the subscription term after the date of termination.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Ping Identity will have no obligation or
liability under this Section 9.1 or otherwise with respect to any infringement
claim based upon: (a) any use of the Products not in accordance with this
Agreement; (b) any use of the Products in combination with products,
equipment, software, or data not supplied or approved in writing by Ping
Identity if such infringement would have been avoided but for the combination
with other products, equipment, software or data; (c) any use of a prior
release of the Software after a more current release has been made available
to Customer; or (d) any modification of the Products by any person other than
Ping Identity.  THIS SECTION 9.1 STATES PING IDENTITY'S ENTIRE LIABILITY AND
THE CUSTOMER'S EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR ANY CLAIMS OF INFRINGEMENT.

9.2 Indemnification by Customer.  Subject to the terms of this Agreement,
Customer will defend at its own expense any action against Ping Identity
brought by a third party (including any User) (i) alleging that Ping
Identity's possession or use of the Customer Data violates, or misappropriates
the rights of, or has otherwise harmed, a third party, or (ii) concerning a
User's use of the Service (provided it is not due to Ping Identity's breach of
this Agreement), and Customer will indemnify and hold Ping Identity harmless
against those costs and damages finally awarded against Ping Identity in any
such action that are specifically attributable to such claim or those costs
and damages agreed to in a monetary settlement of such action.  The foregoing
obligations are conditioned on Ping Identity's compliance with the
Indemnification Conditions (defined below).

9.3 Indemnification Conditions.  "Indemnification Conditions" means the
following conditions, which a Party must comply with to be entitled to the
defense and indemnification obligations of the other Party under this
Agreement.  The indemnified Party must (i) notify the indemnifying Party
promptly in writing of such claim or allegation, setting forth in reasonable
detail the facts and circumstances surrounding the claim; (ii) give the
indemnifying Party sole control of the defense thereof and any related
settlement negotiations, including not making any admission of liability or
take any other action that limits the ability of the indemnifying Party to
defend the claim; and (iii) cooperating and, at the indemnifying Party's
request and expense, assisting in such defense.

10. Limitation of Liability.

10.1 Limitation of Liability.  PING IDENTITY'S CUMULATIVE LIABILITY ARISING
OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR UNDER ANY
OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY) SHALL NOT EXCEED THE LESSER OF $250,000 OR THE
TOTAL AMOUNT OF FEES PAID OR PAYABLE BY CUSTOMER HEREUNDER IN THE 12 MONTHS
PRECEDING THE INCIDENT.

10.2 Exclusion of Consequential and Related Damages.  IN NO EVENT SHALL PING
IDENITTY HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO CUSTOMER FOR (i) ERROR OR INTERRUPTION OF USE,
LOSS OR INACCURACY OR CORRUPTION OF DATA, (ii) COST OF PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS, SERVICES, RIGHTS, OR TECHNOLOGY (iii) ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL,
INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR (iv) LOSS OF REVENUES AND
LOSS OF PROFITS, HOWEVER CAUSED AND, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR UNDER ANY
OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER OR NOT PING IDENTITY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

11. Term & Termination.

11.1 Term of Agreement.  This Agreement commences on the Effective Date and
continues for as long as the subscription term set forth in any related Order
Form (and any subsequent Order Forms) or as otherwise agreed to by Ping
Identity in writing, unless earlier terminated as set forth herein.

11.2 Termination for Cause.  Either Party may terminate this Agreement for
cause: (i) upon thirty (30) days written notice of a material breach of this
Agreement by the other Party if such breach remains uncured at the expiration
of such period; or (ii) if the other Party becomes the subject of a petition
in bankruptcy or any other proceeding relating to insolvency, receivership,
liquidation or assignment for the benefit of creditors.

11.3 Effects of Termination.  Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement
all rights to use the Products (including all licensed rights for the
Software) granted in this Agreement will immediately cease to exist and
Customer must promptly discontinue all use of the Products.  Upon a Party's
written request, the other Party will erase, delete or destroy all copies of
Confidential Information of the other Party whether or not modified or merged
into other materials, and certify in writing to Ping Identity that Customer
has fully complied with these requirements.  A Party may retain archived
copies of Confidential Information or copies that are incapable of being
destroyed because it would be unduly burdensome or cost prohibitive, provided
that all such copies remain subject to the restrictions herein for so long as
they are retained.

11.4 Outstanding Fees.  Termination shall not relieve Customer of the
obligation to pay any fees accrued or payable to Ping Identity prior to the
effective date of termination.  Upon any termination for cause by Customer,
Ping Identity shall refund Customer any unused, prepaid fees covering the
remainder of the subscription term after the date of termination.  If this
Agreement is terminated by Ping Identity for cause, Customer shall remain
responsible for any payments set forth on any outstanding Order Forms,
regardless of whether such amounts have been invoiced or are payable at the
time of such termination.

11.5 Surviving Provisions.  Any provisions that are by their nature intended
to survive termination of this Agreement will continue to survive following
termination.

12. General Provisions.

12.1 Relationship of the Parties.  The Parties are independent contractors.
This Agreement does not create a partnership, franchise, joint venture,
agency, fiduciary or employment relationship between the Parties. Neither
Party will have the power to bind the other or incur obligations on the other
Party's behalf without the other Party's prior written consent.

12.2 No Third-Party Beneficiaries.  There are no third-party beneficiaries to
this Agreement.

12.3 Open Source Software. Certain items of software included with the
Products are subject to "open source" or "free software" licenses ("Open
Source Software").  Some of the Open Source Software is owned by third
parties.  Nothing in this document limits Customer's rights or obligations
under the terms and conditions of any applicable end user license for the Open
Source Software.

12.4 Notices.  All notices under this Agreement shall be in writing and may be
sent by electronic mail.  Notices shall be deemed to have been given upon the
second business day after sending by email.  Notices to Ping Identity shall be
sent to legal@pingidentity.com.  Notices to Customer, unless otherwise
indicated by Customer, may be sent to the individual that executed this
Agreement on behalf of Customer and/or an Administrator by email, or at the
address listed at the beginning of this Agreement.

12.5 Waiver and Cumulative Remedies.  Failure by either Party to enforce any
provision of this Agreement will not be deemed a waiver of future enforcement
of that or any other provision of this Agreement.  Other than as expressly
stated herein, the remedies provided herein are in addition to, and not
exclusive of, any other remedies of a Party at law or in equity.

12.6 Severability.  If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of
competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable the provision shall be modified by
the court and interpreted so as best to accomplish the objectives of the
original provision to the fullest extent permitted by law, and the remaining
provisions of this Agreement shall remain in force and effect.

12.7 Third-Party Services.  The Products may be used by Customer to interface
with certain third-party services and applications ("Third-Party Services").
Ping Identity makes no warranty regarding the operation or functionality of
such Third-Party Services. Ping Identity does not guarantee that the Products
will interoperate with any particular Third-Party Service, and Ping Identity's
support obligations set forth in Section 2.7 shall not extend to any
Third-Party Services.

12.8 Assignment.  Customer may not assign or transfer, by operation of law or
otherwise, any of its rights under this Agreement (including its licenses with
respect to the Software) to any third party without Ping Identity's prior
written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.  Any
attempted assignment or transfer in violation of the foregoing will be null
and void.  Ping Identity shall have the right to assign this Agreement to any
successor to its business or assets to which this Agreement relates, whether
by merger, sale of assets, sale of stock, reorganization or otherwise.  All
provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon, inure to the benefit of
and be enforceable by and against the respective successors and permitted
assigns of Ping Identity and Customer.

12.9 Applicable Law and Venue.  The laws of (i) the State of Colorado, USA (if
Customer is domiciled in North, Central or South America, or any territory not
covered by clauses (ii) or (iii)), (ii) England and Wales (if Customer is
domiciled in Europe, the Middle East or Africa) or (iii) New South Wales,
Australia (if Customer is domiciled in Asia or Oceania) (in each case without
regard to any conflict of laws principles that would require the application
of the laws of any other jurisdiction) govern this Agreement and all matters
arising out of or relating to this Agreement, including, without limitation,
validity, interpretation, construction, performance, and enforcement.  Any
dispute, action, claim or cause of action arising out of, relating to, or in
connection with this Agreement or the Products shall be only brought in and is
subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of (a) the state and federal courts
located in Denver, Colorado USA (if Customer is domiciled in North, Central or
South America, or any territory not covered by clauses (b) or (c)), (b) the
courts located in London, England (if Customer is domiciled in Europe, the
Middle East or Africa) or (c) the courts located in Sydney, Australia (if
Customer is domiciled in Asia or Oceania).  Each Party waives, to the fullest
extent of the law, any objection to venue in such courts, and each Party
hereby irrevocably submits and consents to the exclusive jurisdiction of such
courts.  To the extent permitted by law, the Parties expressly waive any right
to trial by jury.

12.10 Governing Language.  The governing language for this Agreement and for
negotiation and resolution of any disputes related to this Agreement is the
English language.  Each Party waives any right it may have under any law in
any state or country to have the Agreement written in any language other than
English.

12.11 U.S. Government End Users.  If Customer is a branch or agency of the
United States Government, the following provision applies.  The Software is
comprised of "commercial computer software" and "commercial computer software
documentation" as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. 12.212 and qualify as
"commercial items" as defined in 48 C.F.R. 2.101.  Ping Identity provides the
Products for ultimate federal government end use solely in accordance with the
following: Government technical data and software rights related to the
Products include only those rights customarily provided to the public as
defined in this Agreement.  This customarily commercial license is provided in
accordance with FAR 12.211 (Technical Data) and FAR 12.212 (Software) and, for
Department of Defense transactions, DFAR 252.227-7015 (Technical Data -
Commercial Items) and DFAR 227.7202-3 (Rights in Commercial Computer Software
or Computer Software Documentation).  If a government agency has a need for
rights not conveyed under this Agreement, it must negotiate with Ping Identity
to determine if there are acceptable terms for transferring such rights, and a
mutually acceptable written addendum specifically conveying such rights must
be included in any applicable Order Form or amendment to this Agreement.

12.12 Marketing and Publicity.  Upon execution of this Agreement, Ping
Identity may identify Customer as a customer of Ping Identity on Ping
Identity's website as well as within any written and/or electronic marketing
material relating to Ping Identity's products and/or services.

12.13 Application Linkage in the Service.  If Customer is utilizing the
Service to enable entities to connect into its applications, Ping Identity may
list Customer's name and accompanying logo within the Service portal and/or
application catalog in order to facilitate such intended functionality of the
Service.  Customer hereby grants Ping Identity a limited, non-exclusive
license to its trademarks in order to implement the foregoing provision.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Customer may contact Ping Identity following
execution of this Agreement and request in writing that Ping Identity refrain
from listing Customer on any of the materials and/or portals referenced
herein.

12.14 Force Majeure.  Neither Party will be liable for any failure in
performance due to circumstances beyond such Party's reasonable control,
including without limitation, acts of God; acts of government; flood; fire;
earthquakes; civil unrest; acts of terror, strikes or other labor problems
(other than those involving such Party's employees), computer,
telecommunications, Internet service provider or hosting facility failures or
delays involving hardware, software or power systems not within such Party's
possession or reasonable control, and denial of service attacks.

12.15 Headings, Advice of Counsel, and Drafting.  Headings used in this
Agreement are provided for convenience only and will not in any way affect the
meaning or interpretation of each section.  The Parties acknowledge that they
have been advised by counsel of their own choosing, or had the opportunity to
seek such counsel, and that its terms will be interpreted without any bias
against one Party as drafter.

12.16 Entire Agreement.  This Agreement, including all exhibits hereto, the
Security Exhibit, the Support Policy, the DPA and all Order Forms, constitutes
the final agreement between the Parties, and is the complete and exclusive
expression of the Parties' agreement on the matters contained in this
Agreement.  All exhibits and Order Forms are incorporated into this Agreement
by reference.  All prior agreements (including any click-through agreement
associated with the Products), proposals or representations, written or oral,
concerning the subject matter contained in this Agreement, are expressly
superseded by this Agreement.  Any prior non-disclosure, confidentiality, or
similar agreement between the Parties is expressly superseded by this
Agreement and the confidential or proprietary information previously disclosed
thereunder shall become "Confidential Information" under the terms of this
Agreement as if originally disclosed hereunder.  In entering this Agreement,
neither Party has relied upon any statement, representation, warranty or
agreement of the other Party except for those expressly contained in this
Agreement.  To the extent of any conflict or inconsistency between the
provisions in the body of this Agreement and any exhibit or addendum hereto or
any Order Form, the terms of such exhibit, addendum or Order Form shall
prevail.  Notwithstanding any language to the contrary therein, no terms or
conditions stated in a Customer purchase order or in any other Customer order
documentation (excluding Order Forms) shall be incorporated into or form any
part of this Agreement, and all such terms or conditions are specifically and
expressly rejected by Ping Identity and shall be null and void.

12.17 Modifications, Amendments and Waivers.  This Agreement may not be
modified except by written instrument signed by both Parties.  Each Order Form
that is executed by Customer incorporates the terms of this Agreement in
effect as of such date of execution.  Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence,
Ping Identity may amend the Support Policy, Security Exhibit and DPA from time
to time by posting such amendment(s) at the URLs listed in Sections 2.7, 6.6
and 6.12, or alternate URLs as may be provided to Customer by Ping Identity
from time to time.  Customer acknowledges and agrees that Customer's continued
use of the Products after the posting of such an amendment shall constitute
Customer's consent to such amendment and agreement to be bound by same.

12.18 Counterparts.  Any Order Forms may be executed by PDF or other
electronic means, and in one or more counterparts, which taken together shall
form one legal instrument.
